Adam Gackenheimer
Over the summer I stayed at home most of the time and worked for my dad.
I mostly did various things on my computer every day and then went to sleep.
The entire summer was a big blur to me.

Jacob Dibble
During this summer I worked an IT internship designing a service dashboard using
PowerShell and Python. I worked partially remotely and partly in the office. 

Ben Furlani
Over the summer I worked for an automation engineering company called Blue Ridge Automation.
I spent the summer working completely with C# and MS SQL Server to build what is essentially a shell for MS SQL Server.
It allows end users to update, view, and delete data in a respective Database.
The databaes were used to export live data to the PLCs for the machines in the factory.
The company I built the software for was Nestle. Blue Ridge is liek a contracting company.
Once I got that to production I started working on a more unversal application of the same calibir.
I introduced the idea of a PWA with mySQL instead of a .NET service with MS SQL Server 
and I have been working on creating an intuitive and easy to use UI/UX design for it.

Brian Ringer
Over the summer I worked the entire time, ocasionally seeing friends and playing Magic the Gathering.
I played a few computer games, but never had the time for anything serious. I spent most of the summer
waiting for college to start back up honestly, even if that wasn't the safest path in my life.
I explored an abandoned wood mill and quarry too, that was really fun. I will keep those pictures forever.
Overall I'm just happy to be back in the swing of acedemia after a summer of worK.

Mera Alfawares
During this summer I worked as a software developer at the Digital Corps. 
This was my first experience with remote work, and I was able to learn a lot from it.
Aside from work, I spent time with my family, taught myself how to sew, started learning Russian,
and went on a lot of drives as an attempt to curb quarantine boredom. 

Jamari Brown
This summer I stayed home working remotely for an insurance company. Then I help out my family when need. Other than that I was sleep.
The summer was a complete pool of boredom hopefully next summer will be better.
